README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/import?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

lay down ground rules for development

README.md, after:

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Generalisation Rules
Design system is avalible in variable.scss. However, further generalisation should be done as web component.

## Folder Structure
- /abstract
    This is for storing scss variables.
- /assets
    This is for storing images and text.
- /components
    This is for storing component, which is composed of JSX elements, simple third party elements, or one or two other components. Building blocks for the website.
- /constants
    This is for storing constants (endpoints, screen-size...etc).
- /pages
    This is for storing pages, which is composed of multiple widgets, JSX elements, or components. A place that everything is put together.
- /public
    This is just for favicon at the moment. 
- /store
    This is the central for state management
- /utils
    This is for storing util function if I don't end up using everything in Lodash
- /widgets
    This is for storing widgets, which is composed of JSX elements, components, or complex third party elements.
